1. What is VPC?
VPC stands for Virtual Private Cloud. It allows you to customize your networking configuration. It is a network which is logically isolated from another network in the cloud. It allows you to have your IP address range,  internet gateways, subnet and security groups.

2.Elastic Load Balancing automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses, and Lambda functions. It can handle the varying load of your application traffic in a single Availability Zone or across multiple Availability Zones. Elastic Load Balancing offers three types of load balancers that all feature the high availability, automatic scaling, and robust security necessary to make your applications fault tolerant.


3.Application Load Balancer
Choose an Application Load Balancer when you need a flexible feature set for your web applications with HTTP and HTTPS traffic. Operating at the request level, Application Load Balancers provide advanced routing and visibility features targeted at application architectures, including microservices and containers.

4.Network Load Balancer
Choose a Network Load Balancer when you need ultra-high performance, TLS offloading at scale, centralized certificate deployment, support for UDP, and static IP addresses for your application. Operating at the connection level, Network Load Balancers are capable of handling millions of requests per second securely while maintaining ultra-low latencies.

5.Classic Load Balancer
Choose a Classic Load Balancer when you have an existing application running in the EC2-Classic network.

6.What is auto-scaling?
Auto-scaling is a function that allows you to provision and launch new instances whenever there is a demand. It allows you to automatically increase or decrease resource capacity in relation to the demand.

7.State the difference between An Instance  and AMI ?
AMI is a template consisting software configuration part. For example Operating systems, applications, application server if you start an instance, a duplicate of the AMI in a row as an attendant in the cloud.

